docs: added note on permission errors and multipass mount (#1568)
canonical/operator: docs/tutorial/from-zero-to-hero-write-your-first-kubernetes-charm/create-a-minimal-kubernetes-charm.md

```{important}

> If packing fails with a `PermissionError(13, 'Permission denied')`, you may need to `multipass mount -g 1000:1000 -u 1000:1000 -g 0:0 -u 0:0`

Reviewer: Thank you @PietroPasotti, I also ran into this error recently, so this addition is very timely! I think it would be beneficial to expand on the steps required, as this tutorial is aimed at first-timers. How about something like this:

```suggestion
If packing fails with a `PermissionError(13, 'Permission denied')`, do the following:
1. Run `multipass stop charm-dev` to stop the VM.
2. Run `multipass umount charm-dev:~/fastapi-demo` to unmount the local directory.
3. Run `multipass mount -g 1000:1000 -u 1000:1000 -g 0:0 -u 0:0 ~/fastapi-demo charm-dev:~/fastapi-demo` to re-mount the local directory.
4. Run `multipass shell charm-dev`, then inside the VM run `cd ~/fastapi-demo` and `charmcraft pack`.
```
